# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 60ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 29ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 29ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 44ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 61ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

